moreover the word of the Lord came to
moreover the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah a second time while he was
Jeremiah a second time while he was
Jeremiah a second time while he was still shut up in the court of the prison
still shut up in the court of the prison
still shut up in the court of the prison thus says the Lord who made it the Lord
thus says the Lord who made it the Lord
thus says the Lord who made it the Lord who formed it to establish it the Lord
who formed it to establish it the Lord
who formed it to establish it the Lord is his name called to me and I will
is his name called to me and I will
is his name called to me and I will answer you and show you great and mighty
answer you and show you great and mighty
answer you and show you great and mighty things which you do not know for thus
things which you do not know for thus
things which you do not know for thus says the Lord the God of Israel
says the Lord the God of Israel
says the Lord the God of Israel concerning the houses of this city and
concerning the houses of this city and
concerning the houses of this city and the houses of the kings of Judah which
the houses of the kings of Judah which
the houses of the kings of Judah which have been pulled down to fortify against
have been pulled down to fortify against
have been pulled down to fortify against the siege mounds and the sword they come
the siege mounds and the sword they come
the siege mounds and the sword they come to fight with the Chaldeans but only to
to fight with the Chaldeans but only to
to fight with the Chaldeans but only to fill their places with the dead bodies
fill their places with the dead bodies
fill their places with the dead bodies of men whom I will slay in my anger and
of men whom I will slay in my anger and
of men whom I will slay in my anger and my fury all for whose wickedness I have
my fury all for whose wickedness I have
my fury all for whose wickedness I have hidden my face from this city behold I
hidden my face from this city behold I
hidden my face from this city behold I will bring it health and healing I will
will bring it health and healing I will
will bring it health and healing I will heal them and reveal to them the
heal them and reveal to them the
heal them and reveal to them the abundance of peace and truth and I will
abundance of peace and truth and I will
abundance of peace and truth and I will cause the captives of Judah and the
cause the captives of Judah and the
cause the captives of Judah and the captives of Israel to return and will
captives of Israel to return and will
captives of Israel to return and will rebuild those places as at the first
rebuild those places as at the first
rebuild those places as at the first I'm cleanse them from all their iniquity
I'm cleanse them from all their iniquity
I'm cleanse them from all their iniquity by which they have sinned against me and
by which they have sinned against me and
by which they have sinned against me and I will pardon all their iniquities by
I will pardon all their iniquities by
I will pardon all their iniquities by which they have sinned and by which they
which they have sinned and by which they
which they have sinned and by which they have transgressed against me then it
have transgressed against me then it
have transgressed against me then it shall be to me a name of joy a praise
shall be to me a name of joy a praise
shall be to me a name of joy a praise and an honor before all nations of the
and an honor before all nations of the
and an honor before all nations of the earth who shall hear all the good that I
earth who shall hear all the good that I
earth who shall hear all the good that I do to them they shall fear and tremble
do to them they shall fear and tremble
do to them they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and all the
for all the goodness and all the
for all the goodness and all the prosperity that I provide for it again
prosperity that I provide for it again
prosperity that I provide for it again there shall be heard in this place of
there shall be heard in this place of
there shall be heard in this place of which you say it is desolate without man
which you say it is desolate without man
which you say it is desolate without man and without beasts in the cities of
and without beasts in the cities of
and without beasts in the cities of Judah in the streets of Jerusalem that
Judah in the streets of Jerusalem that
Judah in the streets of Jerusalem that are desolate without man and without
are desolate without man and without
are desolate without man and without inhabitant and without beasts the voice
inhabitant and without beasts the voice
inhabitant and without beasts the voice of joy in the voice of gladness the
of joy in the voice of gladness the
of joy in the voice of gladness the voice of the bridegroom and the voice of
voice of the bridegroom and the voice of
voice of the bridegroom and the voice of the bride the voice of those who will
the bride the voice of those who will
the bride the voice of those who will say praise the Lord of Hosts for the
say praise the Lord of Hosts for the
say praise the Lord of Hosts for the Lord is good for his mercy endures
Lord is good for his mercy endures
Lord is good for his mercy endures forever and of those who will bring the
forever and of those who will bring the
forever and of those who will bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of
sacrifice of praise into the house of
sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord for I will cause the captives
the Lord for I will cause the captives
the Lord for I will cause the captives of the land to return as at the first
of the land to return as at the first
of the land to return as at the first says the Lord thus says the Lord of
says the Lord thus says the Lord of
says the Lord thus says the Lord of hosts in this place which is desolate
hosts in this place which is desolate
hosts in this place which is desolate without man without beasts and in all
without man without beasts and in all
without man without beasts and in all its cities there shall again be a
its cities there shall again be a
its cities there shall again be a dwelling place of Shepherds causing
dwelling place of Shepherds causing
dwelling place of Shepherds causing their flocks to lie down in the cities
their flocks to lie down in the cities
their flocks to lie down in the cities of the mountains in the cities of the
of the mountains in the cities of the
of the mountains in the cities of the lowland in the cities of the South in
lowland in the cities of the South in
lowland in the cities of the South in the land of Benjamin in the places
the land of Benjamin in the places
the land of Benjamin in the places around Jerusalem
around Jerusalem
around Jerusalem and in the cities of Judah the flocks
and in the cities of Judah the flocks
and in the cities of Judah the flocks shall again pass under the hands of him
shall again pass under the hands of him
shall again pass under the hands of him who counts them says the Lord behold the
who counts them says the Lord behold the
who counts them says the Lord behold the days are coming says the Lord that I
days are coming says the Lord that I
days are coming says the Lord that I will perform that good thing which I
will perform that good thing which I
will perform that good thing which I have promised to the house of Israel and
have promised to the house of Israel and
have promised to the house of Israel and to the house of Judah in those days and
to the house of Judah in those days and
to the house of Judah in those days and at that time I will cause to grow up to
at that time I will cause to grow up to
at that time I will cause to grow up to David a branch of righteousness he shall
David a branch of righteousness he shall
David a branch of righteousness he shall execute judgment and righteousness in
execute judgment and righteousness in
execute judgment and righteousness in the earth in those days Judah will be
the earth in those days Judah will be
the earth in those days Judah will be saved and Jerusalem will dwell safely
saved and Jerusalem will dwell safely
saved and Jerusalem will dwell safely and this is the name by which she will
and this is the name by which she will
and this is the name by which she will be called the Lord our righteousness for
be called the Lord our righteousness for
be called the Lord our righteousness for thus says the Lord David shall never
thus says the Lord David shall never
thus says the Lord David shall never lack a man to sit on the throne of the
lack a man to sit on the throne of the
lack a man to sit on the throne of the house of Israel nor shall the priests
house of Israel nor shall the priests
house of Israel nor shall the priests the Levites lack a man to offer burnt
the Levites lack a man to offer burnt
the Levites lack a man to offer burnt offerings before me to Kindle grain
offerings before me to Kindle grain
offerings before me to Kindle grain offerings and to sacrifice continually
offerings and to sacrifice continually
offerings and to sacrifice continually and the word of the Lord came to
and the word of the Lord came to
and the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah if you can break my covenant
Jeremiah if you can break my covenant
Jeremiah if you can break my covenant with the day and my covenant with the
with the day and my covenant with the
with the day and my covenant with the night so that there will not be day and
night so that there will not be day and
night so that there will not be day and night in their season then my covenant
night in their season then my covenant
night in their season then my covenant may also be broken with David my servant
may also be broken with David my servant
may also be broken with David my servant so that he shall not have a son to reign
so that he shall not have a son to reign
so that he shall not have a son to reign on his throne and with the Levites the
on his throne and with the Levites the
on his throne and with the Levites the priests my ministers as the hosts of
priests my ministers as the hosts of
priests my ministers as the hosts of heaven cannot be numbered nor the sand
heaven cannot be numbered nor the sand
heaven cannot be numbered nor the sand of the sea measured so will I multiply
of the sea measured so will I multiply
of the sea measured so will I multiply the descendants of David my servant and
the descendants of David my servant and
the descendants of David my servant and the Levites who minister to me have you
the Levites who minister to me have you
the Levites who minister to me have you not considered what these people have
not considered what these people have
not considered what these people have spoken
spoken
spoken saying the two families which the Lord
saying the two families which the Lord
saying the two families which the Lord has chosen he has also cast them off
has chosen he has also cast them off
has chosen he has also cast them off thus they have despised my people as if
thus they have despised my people as if
thus they have despised my people as if they should no more be a nation before
they should no more be a nation before
they should no more be a nation before them thus says the Lord if my covenant
them thus says the Lord if my covenant
them thus says the Lord if my covenant is not with day and night and if I have
is not with day and night and if I have
is not with day and night and if I have not appointed the ordinances of heaven
not appointed the ordinances of heaven
not appointed the ordinances of heaven and earth then I will cast away the
and earth then I will cast away the
and earth then I will cast away the descendants of Jacob and David my
descendants of Jacob and David my
descendants of Jacob and David my servant so that I will not take any of
servant so that I will not take any of
servant so that I will not take any of his descendants to be rulers over the
his descendants to be rulers over the
his descendants to be rulers over the descendants of Abraham Isaac and Jacob
descendants of Abraham Isaac and Jacob
descendants of Abraham Isaac and Jacob for I will cause their captives to
for I will cause their captives to
for I will cause their captives to return and will have mercy on them